Update installing-benchmark.md (#7971)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/installing-benchmark.md

* `benchmark.ini`: Contains any adjustable configurations for tests. For information about how to configure OpenSearch Benchmark, see [Configuring OpenSearch Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/configuring-benchmark/).
* `data`: Contains all the data corpora and documents related to OpenSearch Benchmark's [official workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/geonames).
* `distributions`: Contains all the OpenSearch distributions downloaded from [OpenSearch.org](http://opensearch.org/) and used to provision clusters.

> * `test_runs`: Contains all the test `test_run_id`s from previous runs of OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `test_runs`: Contains all the test IDs (specified by `test_run_id`) from previous runs of OpenSearch Benchmark.
```
